▲ 여수 해양경찰교육원은 24일 교육원 대강당에서 김종욱 해양경찰청장과 교육원장, 교직원 및 가족 등 1,200여 명이 참석한 가운데 졸업식을 개최하고 제247기 신임 해양경찰 320명(남266·여54)을 배출했다.







여수 해양경찰교육원은24일 교육원 대강당에서 김종욱 해양경찰청장과 교육원장, 교직원 및 가족 등 1,200여 명이 참석한 가운데 졸업식을 개최하고 제247기 신임 해양경찰 320명(남266·여54)을 배출했다고 밝혔다.

교육원에 따르면 이번에 졸업한 247기는 지난 1월 입교해 43주간 과정별 기본 교육과 훈련 및 공직자로서 기본가치관, 해양경찰로서의 기본소양, 관서 실습교육, 실습함 교육 등을 모두 마쳤다.

특히 이번 졸업생 가운데 관서실습 기간 중 인명구조 등 공적을 세운 신임 해양경찰들이 눈길을 끌었다.

신경천(30세·남)순경은 광주광역시 북구 신안교 교차로에서 교통이 혼잡한 퇴근시간대에 전동형 킥보드를 타다 넘어져 머리에 피를 흘리며 움직이지 못하고 있는 학생을 구조한 뒤 지혈과 함께 119구급차에 인계했다.

또 양시은(27세·남) 순경은 부안해양경찰서 위도파출소 실습 중 발생한 낚시어선 충돌·전복사고현장에서 심폐소생술로 적극적인 응급환자 구조 활동에 임했고, 김회수(27세·여) 순경도 울산해양경찰서 진하파출소 실습 중 길거리에 쓰러져 있는 응급환자를 최초 발견해 상황 전파 후 긴급 구조에 기여한 바 있다.

이밖에도 제62회 경남도민체전 수영부문 자유형 100·200m, 혼계형 400m에서 각각 은메달과 계형 400m에서 금메달을 획득한 최재혁(23세·남) 순경과 4남매 중 쌍둥이 형제로 2년간 같이 시험 준비 후 동시에 입교한 황준하(26세·남)·황건하(26세·남)순경 등 다양한 특이이력을 가진 졸업생들이 상당수 있다.

김종욱 해양경찰청장은 졸업식 축사에서 “"현장에 나가서도 기본에 충실하며오로지 국민의 생명과 안전을 최우선으로 하는 든든한 해양경찰이 되어 달라"고 당부했다.

한편 이번 졸업생 중 영예의 최우수 성적 우수상(해양수산부 장관상)은 이상우(29세/남) 순경, 2등(해양경찰청장상)은 최승윤(28세/남) 순경, 3등(해양경찰청장상)은 공윤호(23세/남) 순경이 각각 차지했다.

[아래는 구글로 번역한 영문기사 전문입니다. 영문번역에 오류가 있을 수 있음을 전제로 합니다. Below is the full English article translated by Google. It is assumed that there may be errors in the English translation.]

Yeosu Coast Guard Training Center produces 320 new Coast Guardsmen Reporter Lee Hak-cheo

On the 24th, the Yeosu Coast Guard Training Institute held a graduation ceremony in the main auditorium of the training center with approximately 1,200 people in attendance, including Coast Guard Commissioner Kim Jong-wook, the training center director, faculty, staff, and their families, and announced that it had produced 320 new Coast Guard members (266 men, 54 women) for the 247th class. .

According to the training center, the 247th class that graduated this time entered the school last January and completed 43 weeks of basic education and training for each course, basic values as public officials, basic knowledge as a coast guard, practical training at government offices, and training on a practical ship.

In particular, among the graduates, the new Coast Guard officers who made achievements such as saving lives during their training period at the government office attracted attention.

Police officer Shin Gyeong-cheon (30 years old, male) rescued a student who fell while riding an electric kickboard and was bleeding on the head and was unable to move during rush hour at Shinan Bridge intersection in Buk-gu, Gwangju, and handed him over to the 119 ambulance after stopping the bleeding. .

In addition, police officer Yang Si-eun (27 years old, male) actively participated in emergency patient rescue activities by performing CPR at the scene of a fishing boat collision and capsize accident that occurred during training at the Wido Police Station at the Buan Marine Police Station, and police officer Kim Hoe-su (27 years old, female) also worked at the Ulsan Marine Police Station. During my training at the police station, I first discovered an emergency patient lying on the street and contributed to the emergency rescue after spreading the situation.

In addition, police officer Choi Jae-hyuk (23 years old, male), who won silver medals in the 100 and 200 m freestyle and 400 m freestyle and gold medals in the 400 m medley in the swimming category at the 62nd Gyeongnam Provincial Sports Festival, are twin brothers among four siblings and prepared for the exam together for two years. There are many graduates with various unique backgrounds, including police officers Hwang Jun-ha (26 years old, male) and Hwang Geon-ha (26 years old, male), who joined the school.

In his congratulatory address at the graduation ceremony, Commissioner Kim Jong-wook said, “On behalf of the entire Coast Guard, I would like to congratulate all the graduates who successfully completed the arduous education and training course.” He added, “Even when going to the front line, we remain faithful to the basics and are a strong maritime force that puts the people’s lives and safety first. “Please become a police officer,” he asked.

Meanwhile, among these graduates, the honorary award for best academic performance (Minister of Oceans and Fisheries Award) was given to police officer Lee Sang-woo (29 years old, male), second place (Korea Coast Guard Commissioner's Award) was given to police officer Choi Seung-yoon (28 years old, male), and third place (Korea Coast Guard Commissioner's Award) was police officer Gong Yun-ho. (23 years old/male) A police officer took each seat.

원본 기사 보기: 브레이크뉴스전남동부