【충북 브레이크뉴스】임창용 기자=제천시는 지난 15일부터 내년 3월 14일까지 약 4개월간의 동절기 제설대책 중점 추진기간 운영에 돌입했다. 이에 김창규 제천시장은 제설장을 방문해 제설대책 준비상황을 점검하고 관계자들(제설기동반, 제설장비기사)을 격려했다.

시는 이 기간 동안 겨울철 폭설과 결빙으로 인한 주민생활 불편을 최소화하고 안전한 도로통행 환경을 조성하기 위해 부시장을 상황실장으로 한 종합상황실을 운영할 계획이다.

효율적인 제설작업을 위해 총괄지원팀, 간선도로팀, 이면도로팀으로 팀을 편성하고 적설량에 따라 단계별로 나눠 효율적인 제설작업을 추진한다.

특히, 시내 주요도로는 물론 폭설 시 차량통행이 어려운 고갯길과 교량 구간에 대해 최우선적으로 제설작업을 실시하고 주요 구간별로 실과사업소별 제설 책임구간을 지정하는 등 제설작업에 만전을 기할 방침이다.

아울러, 제천시는 선제적 제설대응을 위해 전년보다 임차차량(15t급)을 추가 확보하고, 읍면동에서도 자체장비임차(1t~15t급)를 확충하여 이면도로, 마을안길 등 주요구간 제설에 문제가 없도록 모든 준비를 끝냈다.

또한, 제천경찰서와 제천소방서, 군부대 등 각종 관계 기관에도 사전 협의를 통해 정보공유와 업무분담을 당부하고 제설재 지원 등 각종 업무에 적극 협조하기로 했다.

김 시장은 "본격적인 겨울철을 앞두고 만반의 준비와 철저한 제설작업으로 시민불편 해소에 만전을 기해주시길 부탁드린다“며, "시민들께서도 폭설 시 개인차량 운행 자제, 개별 월동장구 준비와 내 집 앞 눈치우기 등으로 제설작업에 적극 동참해주기를 부탁드린다"고 말했다.

한편, 시에서는 제설장비는 덤프 23대, 염수 살수차량 5대, 굴삭기 2대, 제설기 50대, 살포기 45대, 마을별 트랙터 157대, 염수 교반기 및 저장탱크 16대를 확보하고 제설장비 장착을 완료하였으며, 모래 300㎥, 염화칼슘 2,100t(톤백 1,440t, 25kg 660t), 소금 8,000t, 모래주머니 15,000개를 확보하여 읍면동에 배부 및 취약지역에 배치하였고, 모래주머니는 시 외곽 500개소, 시내지역 350개소에 배치 완료했다.

(아래는 위 기사를 '구글 번역'으로 번역한 영문 기사의 [전문]입니다. '구글번역'은 이해도 높이기를 위해 노력하고 있습니다. 영문 번역에 오류가 있을 수 있음을 전제로 합니다. The following is [the full text] of the English article translated by 'Google Translate'. 'Google Translate' is working hard to improve understanding. It is assumed that there may be errors in the English translation.)

Jecheon City inspects snow removal measures in preparation for heavy snowfall

Requests for thorough preparation, including securing snow removal equipment, and encouragement to officials

-im changyong reporter

Jecheon City began operating a four-month winter snow removal policy focus period from the 15th to March 14th of next year. Accordingly, Jecheon Mayor Kim Chang-gyu visited the snow removal site, inspected the preparations for snow removal measures, and encouraged the officials (snow removal team and snow removal equipment operators).

During this period, the city plans to operate a comprehensive situation room with the deputy mayor as the situation room director to minimize inconveniences to residents due to heavy snowfall and freezing in winter and to create a safe road passage environment.

For efficient snow removal, teams are organized into a general support team, main road team, and side road team, and efficient snow removal work is promoted by dividing them into stages according to the amount of snow.

In particular, we plan to make every effort to remove snow by prioritizing snow removal on major roads in the city, as well as on passes and bridge sections where vehicle traffic is difficult during heavy snowfall, and by designating snow removal responsibility sections for each department and business office for each major section.

In addition, Jecheon City has secured additional rental vehicles (15 tons class) compared to the previous year for preemptive snow removal response, and has also expanded its own equipment rentals (1 to 15 tons class) in towns and villages to ensure that there are no problems with snow removal in major sections such as back roads and village roads. All preparations have been completed.

In addition, through prior consultation with various related organizations such as Jecheon Police Station, Jecheon Fire Station, and military units, we requested information sharing and division of work, and decided to actively cooperate in various tasks such as snow removal material support.

Mayor Kim said, "Ahead of the full-fledged winter season, we ask that you do your best to relieve citizens' inconveniences through thorough preparations and thorough snow removal work," and added, "Citizens should also refrain from driving personal vehicles during heavy snowfall, prepare individual winter gear, and keep snow in front of their homes." “We ask you to actively participate in snow removal work,” he said.

Meanwhile, the city has secured 23 snow removal equipment, 5 salt water sprinkler vehicles, 2 excavators, 50 snow blowers, 45 spreaders, 157 tractors for each village, and 16 salt water agitators and storage tanks, and completed the installation of snow removal equipment. 300㎥ of sand, 2,100 tons of calcium chloride (1,440 tons of ton bag, 660 tons of 25kg), 8,000 tons of salt, and 15,000 sandbags were secured and distributed to towns, villages, and villages and placed in vulnerable areas. Sandbags were distributed to 500 locations on the outskirts of the city and 350 in the downtown area. Placement completed at location.

원본 기사 보기: 충북 브레이크뉴스