



(광주=브레이크뉴스) 이학수 기자=광주시소방안전본부는 15일 북구 국립광주과학관에서 ‘2023년 광주시 긴급구조종합훈련’을 실시했다.(사진)

이번 훈련은 소방안전본부와 6개 소방관서, 호남119특수구조대, 의용소방대, 광주시청, 광주북구청, 북부경찰서 등 27개 기관·단체 520여명이 참여한 가운데 소방헬기 등 장비 58대가 동원됐다.

훈련은 이날 오후 2시께 국립광주과학관 인근에 지진이 발생한 것을 가정해 진행됐다. 다수 인명피해가 발생하고 2차 지진에 의한 건물 붕괴, 대형화재 등 복합재난 상황에 대비한 훈련이 진행됐다.

대응1단계 발령으로 북부소방서 전 소방력이 출동한 상황에서 재난 규모가 커지며 관할 구청, 보건소, 경찰 등 긴급구조지원기관이 참여하고, 대응2단계 발령과 광주시 긴급구조통제단이 가동되는 훈련을 실시했다.

광주시 긴급구조통제단은 재난발생 때 긴급구조기관(소방)과 긴급구조지원기관(관·군·경·전기·가스·응급의료기관 등 유관기관)이 인명구조, 응급처치, 그 밖에 필요한 모든 긴급한 조치를 지휘·조정·통제하는 기구이다.

훈련은 재난 상황의 규모가 커지는 가운데 긴급구조통제단이 상황별 적합한 재난대응임무를 체계적으로 수행할 수 있는지 점검하는데 중점을 뒀다.

특히 재난상황별 유관기관과 협조체계를 강화하고 광주시 통제단이 피해상황에 따라 구조대상자 구출을 위해 소방력 투입과 지휘, 구조된 부상자들을 적합하게 분류하고 신속히 이송하는 일련의 상황을 실전처럼 훈련했다.

김문용 광주소방안전본부장은 “이번 훈련을 통해 소방안전본부를 중심으로 유기적인 지휘체계를 확립해 재난으로부터 시민의 생명과 안전을 확보해 나가겠다”며 “대규모 재난발생때 민·관·군·경 등 관계기관이 긴밀한 공조체계를 갖춰 나갈 수 있도록 최선을 다하겠다”고 말했다.

아래는 위 기사를 '구글 번역'으로 번역한 영문 기사의 [전문] 입니다. '구글번역'은 이해도를 높이기를 위해 노력하고 있습니다. 영문 번역에 오류가 있을 수 있음을 전제로 합니다. The following is [the full text] of the English article translated by 'Google Translate'. 'Google Translate' is working hard to improve understanding. It is assumed that there may be errors in the English translation.

Gwangju Fire Department to conduct comprehensive emergency rescue training in 2023

Systematic training is conducted assuming a complex disaster such as a building collapse due to an earthquake

(Gwangju = Break News) Reporter Haksu Lee = Gwangju City Fire and Safety Headquarters conducted the ‘2023 Gwangju Emergency Rescue Comprehensive Training’ at the Gwangju National Science Museum in Buk-gu on the 15th. (Photo)

This training involved 520 people from 27 organizations and organizations, including the Fire Safety Headquarters, six fire departments, Honam 119 Special Rescue Team, volunteer firefighters, Gwangju City Hall, Gwangju Buk-gu Office, and Bukbu Police Station, and 58 pieces of equipment, including fire helicopters, were mobilized.

The training was conducted under the assumption that an earthquake occurred near the Gwangju National Science Museum around 2 PM on this day. Training was conducted to prepare for complex disaster situations such as multiple casualties, building collapse due to a secondary earthquake, and large-scale fire.

As the scale of the disaster grew, emergency rescue support organizations such as the district office, public health center, and police participated in the situation where the entire fire force of the Northern Fire Department was mobilized due to the first stage of response, and a training was conducted to issue the second stage of response and activate the Gwangju City Emergency Rescue Control Team. .

When a disaster occurs, the Gwangju City Emergency Rescue Control Group is responsible for emergency rescue agencies (firefighting) and emergency rescue support agencies (related agencies such as government, military, police, electricity, gas, emergency medical facilities, etc.) providing lifesaving, first aid, and all other necessary urgent measures. It is an organization that commands, coordinates, and controls.

The training focused on checking whether the emergency rescue control team could systematically perform disaster response missions appropriate for each situation as the scale of the disaster situation grew.

In particular, the cooperation system with related organizations for each disaster situation was strengthened, and the Gwangju City Control Group trained, as in real life, a series of situations to deploy and direct firefighting forces to rescue rescue victims, appropriately classify and quickly transport the rescued injured, depending on the damage situation.

Kim Moon-yong, head of the Gwangju Fire and Safety Headquarters, said, “Through this training, we will establish an organic command system centered on the fire and safety headquarters to secure the lives and safety of citizens from disasters.” He added, “In the event of a large-scale disaster, the civil, public, military, and police “We will do our best to ensure that relevant organizations have a close cooperation system,” he said.

​

원본 기사 보기: 브레이크뉴스 전남