(브레이크뉴스인천 박상도 기자) 중부지방해양경찰청이 27일 2023년도 최우수 경비함정으로 평택해양경찰서 P-108정을, 최우수 파출소로 태안해양경찰서 신진파출소를 각각 선정했다고 밝혔다.

중부해경청에 따르면, 지난 2월부터 10월까지 약 8개월 동안 인천, 평택, 태안, 보령해양경찰서, 서해5도특별경비단 등 소속 함정 55척과 파출소 24개소를 9개 평가항목(훈련 70%, 실적 30%)으로 나눠 객관적이고 공정하게 평가했다.

이번 심사에서 각종 훈련 성적, 주요 실적, 성과관리, 자체 사고 예방 등에서 우수한 성적을 보인 평택해양경찰서 소속 소형 경비정 P-108정(정장 경위 장우석)이 최우수 함정으로 선정됐다.

파출소 부문에서는 주요 해상치안 실적, 성과관리, 교육훈련 등에서 월등한 실적을 올린 태안해양경찰서 신진파출소(소장 경감 전중식)이 최우수 파출소로 선발됐다.

또한, 중부지방해양경찰청은 평택해양경찰서 1502함(대형함정), 서해5도특별경비단 526함(중형함정), 인천해양경찰서 H-08정(소형함정)을 각각 우수 함정으로 선정하고, 인천해양경찰서 하늘바다파출소를 우수 파출소로 각각 선발했다.

중부지방해양경찰청은 이번에 선정된 최우수 경비함정, 파출소에 기념패와 격려금을 수여하여 포상할 예정이다.

중부지방해양경찰청 관계자는 “올해 경비함정, 파출소 평가 결과를 종합적으로 분석하여 내년도 교육훈련 계획에 반영하고, 중부권 해상 치안과 해양 안전을 더욱 더 굳건히 하기 위한 현장부서 교육훈련 강화에 최선을 다하겠다”고 설명했다.

한편, 중부지방해양경찰청은 올해 초 정기 인사 이후 현장부서를 직접 방문하여 교육훈련 계획을 사전에 설명하고, 해상종합훈련, 불시 훈련, 도상 훈련 등을 각 해역 특성에 맞게 실시하여 해양경찰 역량 향상을 위해 노력했다.

*아래는 위 기사를 '구글번역'으로 번역한 영문기사의 [전문]입니다.‘구글번역’은 이해도 높이기를 노력하고 있습니다. 영문 번역에 오류가 있을 수 있음을 전제로 합니다.<*Below is the [full text] of the English article translated with ‘Google Translate’. ‘Google Translate’ is making efforts to increase understanding. It is assumed that there may be errors in the English translation.>

Central Coast Guard Announces Best Ships and Police Stations of 2023

Pyeongtaek Coast Guard P-108 and Taean Coast Guard Sinjin Police Station were each selected as the best.

-Break News Incheon Reporter Park Sang-do

The Central Regional Coast Guard announced on the 27th that it had selected the P-108 of the Pyeongtaek Coast Guard as the best patrol vessel in 2023 and the Shinjin Police Station of the Taean Coast Guard as the best police station.

According to the Central Coast Guard, for about eight months from February to October, 55 ships and 24 police stations belonging to Incheon, Pyeongtaek, Taean, Boryeong Marine Police Station, and the West Sea 5th Province Special Guard Group were evaluated in 9 evaluation items (70% for training, 70% for performance). 30%) and evaluated objectively and fairly.

In this review, P-108, a small patrol boat belonging to the Pyeongtaek Coast Guard (Lieutenant Jang Woo-seok), which showed excellent performance in various training results, major performance, performance management, and accident prevention, was selected as the best ship.

In the police box category, Taean Maritime Police Station Shinjin Police Station (Chief Inspector Jeon Jung-sik), which achieved outstanding performance in major maritime security performance, performance management, and education and training, was selected as the best police station.

In addition, the Central Regional Maritime Police Agency selected Pyeongtaek Maritime Police Station 1502 (large ship), West Sea 5th Province Special Security Group 526 (medium-sized ship), and Incheon Maritime Police Station H-08 (small ship) as excellent ships, respectively, and Incheon Maritime Police Station The Sky Sea Police Station was selected as an excellent police station.

The Central Regional Coast Guard plans to award commemorative plaques and encouragement money to the best patrol vessels and police stations selected this time.

An official from the Central Region Coast Guard said, “We will comprehensively analyze this year’s evaluation results of patrol ships and police stations and reflect them in next year’s education and training plan, and do our best to strengthen education and training at field departments to further strengthen maritime security and maritime safety in the central region.” explained.

Meanwhile, after regular personnel appointments at the beginning of this year, the Central Regional Coast Guard Agency visited field departments in person to explain education and training plans in advance, and conducted comprehensive maritime training, unannounced training, and roadside training tailored to the characteristics of each sea area to improve maritime police capabilities. worked hard for

원본 기사 보기: ebreaknews.com